openapi scalar endpoint local (#34308)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/using-openapi-documents.md

[!code-csharp[](~/fundamentals/openapi/samples/9.x/WebMinOpenApi/Program.cs?name=snippet_openapiwithscalar)]

> Launch the app and navigate to `https://localhost:<port>/scalar/v1` to view the generated Scalar API Reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch the app and navigate to `https://localhost:<port>/scalar/v1` to view the Scalar UI.
```
